Test against a minimum version of Pyodide, and document how to update it (#167)
pyodide/pyodide-build: release.md

# pyodide-build release workflow

This document provides maintenance and release instructions for `pyodide-build` project, adapted
from the [Maintainer information page from the Pyodide project](https://pyodide.org/en/stable/development/maintainers.html)

> [!NOTE]

> > `pyodide-build` is also used as a submodule in-tree within the Pyodide repository, and it is usually acceptable to
> update the submodule to point to a newer commit in most cases and a release isn't always required unless it's needed
> to address bugs or add features for out-of-tree builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `pyodide-build` is used as a git submodule by the Pyodide repository. If a change is only required for in-tree builds,
it is sufficient to update the git submodule. A release is only necessary if the changes are required by out-of-three builds. 
```

>
> See the [Updating `pyodide-build](https://pyodide.org/en/stable/development/maintainers.html#updating-pyodide-build) for more information.

# Release instructions

- First, create a "Release planning" tracking issue that can list information such as:
    - the timeline of the release
    - the scope of the release and the pull requests to be included, ideally by attaching a milestone to them or creating one through the GitHub Issues UI if it doesn't exist
    - any other relevant resources

> - Once a consensus is reached on the release plan, create a new milestone in the GitHub Issues UI. This milestone should have the same name as the release version (e.g., `v0.23.0`) and should be marked as "open". The milestone should also be assigned to the release planning issue.

Reviewer: I'd expect this amount of process will be unnecessary. Ideally if any single maintainer feels like making a release for any reason they should be able to just do it, unless there is some compelling reason to have more process. Releases are small and they should be easy to make as long as we have faith in our CI pipelines. If something is missing, we can just make a followup release.

I think the only thing that we might need to discuss is whether a release should be major or minor. I think it would be good to have a policy here on how we decide that.

Reviewer 2: +1.

If there isn't a breaking change, I think a maintainer can make a release when necessary. That's the main reason why we made a separate pyodide-build repository.

I think we can make an issue when we have a reason to block the release until some fixes are merged.

- Create a tag with the version number (e.g., `v0.X.Y`) while on the `main` branch, and create and publish a GitHub release with the tag and attach a link to the CHANGELOG. Other release notes can be generated with the "Generate release notes" button, which will add a list of all PRs that were merged with the tag. The release notes can be reviewed and edited as necessary at the time of creating the release or edited after it is created.

- If backward-incompatible changes are introduced:
    - the release notes should be updated to include a "Breaking changes" section, if not already present through the CHANGELOG.
    - we also test against a minimum version of Pyodide xbuildenvs in the integration tests in `main.yml`. If a new minimum version

>     is required, then update it in the [`tools/update_cross_build_releases.py`](https://github.com/pyodide/pyodide/blob/74bd69b5afa00074580f16a72eae3d7ce5a0817a/tools/update_cross_build_releases.py#L23-L25) file so that cross-build environments metadata for newer versions of Pyodide will contain the correct minimum and maximum versions of `pyodide-build` they can be used with.

Reviewer 2: 👍  Thanks for writing this. To be more precise, if we make a breaking change in pyodide-build that is not compatible to the old Pyodide versions, one should

1. update the `MIN_COMPATIBLE_PYODIDE_BUILD_VERSION ` in the update_cross_build_releases.py file.
2. update the `maximum_pyodide_build_version` in the `pyodide-cross-build-environments.json` for all the old pyodide versions that are not compatible with the latest pyodide-build release.
